---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "prismacloudcompute_registry_settings Resource - terraform-provider-prismacloudcompute"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# prismacloudcompute_registry_settings (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "prismacloudcompute_registry_settings" "registry" {
  specification {
    type        = "2"
    registry    = ""
    os          = "linux"
    cap         = 5
    scanners    = 2
    repository  = "library/ubuntu"
    tag         = "20.04"
    collections = ["All"]
  }
  specification {
    type        = "2"
    registry    = ""
    os          = "linux"
    cap         = 5
    scanners    = 2
    repository  = "library/ubuntu"
    tag         = "21.04"
    collections = ["All"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **specification** (Block List) Registry scanning specifications. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--specification))

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of the registry settings.

<a id="nestedblock--specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `specification`

Optional:

- **cap** (Number) The maximum number of images to scan from each repository, sorted by most recently modified.
- **collections** (List of String) The set of Defenders available for scanning.
- **credential** (String) The name of the credential from the credentials store to use for authenticating with the registry.
- **excluded_repositories** (List of String) Repositories to exclude from scanning.
- **excluded_tags** (List of String) Tags to exclude from scanning.
- **harbor_deployment_security** (Boolean) Use temporary tokens provided by Harbor to scan images in projects with the deployment security setting enabled.
- **jfrog_repo_types** (List of String) JFrog Artifactory repository types to scan.
- **namespace** (String) IBM Cloud namespace.
- **os** (String) The base OS of the registry images.
- **registry** (String) Registry address.
- **repository** (String) Repositories to scan. Pattern matching is supported.
- **scanners** (Number) Number of Defenders that can be utilized for each scan job.
- **tag** (String) Tags to scan. Pattern matching is supported.
- **type** (String) Registry type.
- **version_pattern** (String) Pattern used by the scanner to identify the latest tags without querying the registry for additional metadata. If a pattern specifies both date and version, date takes precedence over version.


